---
layout: post  
title: Intellectual Property Hacks
description: Homework and Popcorn hacks from intellectual property lesson
type: issues  
comments: true  
---

# Popcorn Hack 1

You can protect intellectual property by registering trademarks, copyrights, or patents. 

# MCQ Question 1 

The answer is B.

# Popcorn hack 2

The MIT License is a permissive open-source license that allows anyone to use, modify, and distribute your code with minimal restrictions. It requires that all copies of the software include the original license and copyright notice but allows for both personal and commercial use.

MIT License  

Copyright (c) 2025 Wyatt Zimmer

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy  
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal  
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights  
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell  
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is  
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all  
copies or substantial portions of the Software.  

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR  
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,  
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE  
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER  
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,  
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE  
SOFTWARE.  

# Popcorn Hack 3

## Creative Commons License  

A Creative Commons License is a public copyright license that allows creators to grant permission for others to use, share, or modify their work under certain conditions. Different types of CC licenses specify whether attribution is required, whether commercial use is allowed, and whether derivative works can be made.  

## Exceptions to Copyright Law 
 
Fair Use (U.S.) Allows use for purposes like criticism, commentary, news reporting, teaching, and research.  

Educational Use Schools and universities may use copyrighted material for teaching under certain conditions. 

Public Domain Works whose copyright has expired or been forfeited can be freely used.  
Parody & SatireTransformative works that comment on or mock the original work may be protected.  

Library & Archival Use Libraries and archives can make copies for preservation and research purposes.

# Popcorn hack 4

Trevor and I came up with the following:  

1. Obtain Proper Permissions - Get licenses or permissions before using copyrighted material.  

2. Use Public Domain or Creative Commons Content – Ensure the work is free to use without restrictions.  

3. Create Original Content – Avoid copying existing works by making your own designs, writing, or media.  

4. Give Proper Attribution – Follow licensing terms that require credit to the original creator. 

5. Register Your Copyright – Officially registering your work provides legal protection against infringement.  

6. Use Copyright Disclaimers – Clearly state ownership and permitted use of your content.  

7. Monitor and Enforce Your Rights – Regularly check for unauthorized use and take action if needed.

# Homework Hack

## Task 1: Select a License  

I choose the MIT License because it is a permissive license with minimal restrictions, allowing others to freely use, modify, and distribute my code while maintaining attribution. I would like for others to be able to use and share my code freely.

## Task 2: Explain Your Choice 

The MIT License is a great choice because it provides flexibility, making it easy for others to contribute to or build upon my project without legal complications which is exactly what I want. It ensures that my work remains open-source while allowing both personal and commercial use. Since it requires attribution but imposes no restrictions on modifications or redistribution, it encourages widespread adoption and innovation. This benefits my project by increasing visibility and potential collaboration while protecting my rights as the original creator.

## Task 3

MIT License  

Copyright (c) 2025 Wyatt Zimmer  

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy  
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal  
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights  
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell  
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is  
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:  

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all  
copies or substantial portions of the Software.  

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR  
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,  
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE  
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER  
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,  
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE  
SOFTWARE.  



